Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing. -Theodore Roosevelt
The best way to predict the future is to create it. -Peter Drucker
Time flies when you're in a coma.
Crying: strengthens immune system by cleansing impurities
In ENGLISH, Data?! --Captain Beverly Picard
"Soon we'll be sliding down the razor blade of life..." o/` o/`
A book (returned) in time saves time.
I don't see you guys rating the kind of "mate" I'm contemplating...
Better attitudes through chemistry.
Marriage is a trip between Niagra Falls and Reno.
"Nobody listens unless you swear every other word." -- Kirk
Notice: All incoming fire has the right of way.
Quark! Quark! Beware the quantum duck!
I'm floating in a most peculiar way.
Never trust a computer you cannot carry.
Behaviorism is the art of pulling habits out
SDR: Shift Disk Right
The Fifth Rule: You have taken yourself too seriously.
Bearjoran takes over DS9 in Pooh D'Etat!
Women: Can't live with 'em, can't shoot 'em, pass the beer nuts.
Expensive imported beer is good for the sole.
Love of Money: The root of all EVIL...
Remember when 'lots of ram' meant 32k?
Hiya, Doc! What's cookin'? - Data
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Tasha Burger: It'll come up again later after it's gone.
113 grams, 10 milliliters ... he's lead, Jim.
Oxymoron: Conservative Scholar
Man Vs. Beer: A beer will only come when you want it to.
Gardeners are prone to sod-den decisions!
"I am Homer of the Borg. You will be assim.... Hmm... Donuts..."
Windoze isn't crippleware - It's "Fuctionally Challenged"
OPERATORS really know how to mount it
Don't blame me, it's San Andrea's fault
Frogs are smart.  They ea           Refer#: NONE
Hollywood Gossip: Phyllis Zinn
A liberal is nothing but a communist on Prozac!
96.37% of all statistics are made up
Why don't sharks bite lawyers?  Professional courtesy.
QaH! jIpumpu' 'ej jIHu'laHbe'!
I can't be humble -- it's just not honest.
i don't beLIEve slick wilLIE!
"Bloody hell!" -- O'Brien
Use IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE... to implement multi
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
SPELLCASTERS do it with their rods/staves/wands
ARC.angel says "zip.itup"
Look, mom: No disk drive!
Cats have 9 lives.  Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
A pessimist is a well informed optimist.
Assimilation is futile.  You will be resisted.
We're testing as QWK as we can
"What is this...  time?"  Wormhole creators
What is the highest pyramid in the world?  Amway.
SWAT: SWAp Terminals
Experience is what you get after you need it
SYSTEM ERROR: press F13 to continue...
<Ctrl<<Alt<<Del< to read the next message
My favorite color?  Red.  No, BluAAAAAHHH!
James S. Brady, Press Secretary to President Reagan was an Eagle Scout.
You are aging when all your black book names end in M.D.
Klingon vessel uncloaking....or is it Odo?
TROI: I feel pain, GREAT pain! ... RIKER: Glad you liked it!
Thank you, God.  Keep it up!!!
Disks travel in packs.
Cut the Grass!: Moses Lawn
It wasn't broken..until I started playing with it!
I TAUGHT MY DUCK TO SAY ".QWK .QWK"
These were great.  I just tried to search TLX's database and got a major
Confuse the world -- smile all day Monday!
You mean there are BBS's that AREN'T run by drunks?
No brain, no effect!
Don't eat with you mouth full.
Reality is all a point of view.
Fashion:  A form of ugliness so intolerable that it changes every six months.
Let all fetuses live.
Does "Gay 90s" have anything to do with Clinton's Army?
Do witches run spell checkers?
<<<DEADLY NINJA THROWING TAGLINE>>>
"@#$%*!  I've struck oil", Tom said, crudely.
YOU VACUOUS STUFFY-NOSED MALODOROUS PERVERT!!!
Downstairs, in the historic Old Grid Building.
BATF Cafeteria Menu: Blackened Baby Back Ribs.
DRUMMERS do it longer
Pants:  Trousers' country cousins.
duck season, wabbit season, duck season, wabbit season..
"Shut up Spock, we're rescuing you" - McCoy.....
Narrow minded: looks through keyhole with both eyes at the same time.
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
Want a taste of religion?  Bite a minister!
"Every why hath a wherefore."
You will be invited to dine with many important people.
Focus On the Family; "McCulture" at its very best!
Define normal.
Artists do it by design.
"Dumber than advertised." -- Yakko Warner
Sysoping makes you fat.
A man's best friend is his copy of Messenger V1.0.
FORE!.........................................<BONK!<
Skydivers go down faster.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.

It is bad luck to be superstitious.

If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacement anyway.

Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.

A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.

A bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee free.

If Yoda a great Jedi master he is, why not a good sentence construct can he?

People will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit.

HeÕs dead, JimÉ You take his tri-corder and IÕll search his pockets.

I donÕt like the Smacks cereal commericals; I donÕt like the idea of a frog jumping on my breakfast.

All things are possibleÉ except for skiing through a revolving door.

Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.

Losing your driverÕs license is just GodÕs way of saying ÒBOOGA, BOOGA!Ó

If you love a thing of beauty, set it free. If it doesnÕt come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.

I may be schizophrenic, but at least IÕll always have each other.

Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.

I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.

Is Sonny really kookoo for Cocoa Puffs, or is he just being paid to say that?

Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  Yes is the answer.

It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.

Parker's Law: Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.


Those who can't write, write manuals.

The brain is a wonderful organ:  it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.

You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.

All generalities are false.

I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.

Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.

I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.


Become a programmer and never see the world!

ROM wasn't built in a day.

Dave.  Put down those Windows disks, Dave.  DAVE!  - HAL9000

How much deeper would the oceans be without sponges?

Do artificial plants need artificial water?

When patterns are broken - new worlds can emerge.

I have often depended on the blindness of strangers.

I want my data back, machine, and I want it now!

To clone a felon, do I use the COPY CON command?

If you ever wanted *mindful* drivel, this is it.

Software independent: won't work with any software.

Blame San Andreas, it's all his fault.

I'm one-of-a-kind.  (Just what kind, nobody is really sure.)

Life is like... an analogy.

Honesty pays, but not enough to satisfy some people.

URA redneck if you think "Deliverence" was a love story.

Where there's a will, I want to be in it.

My bit bucket runneth over...

A diploma proves only that you know how to find an answer.

If space is the final frontier, what's TIME?

I wasn't there.  I didn't do it.  I want my lawyer!

A scone is a biscuit that's gone to college.

To make it work, you have to DO the work.

We're judged by what we finish, not what we start.

I have a mind like a steel... uh... thingy.

Why don't gods come with pull-down menus and online help?

I'm not insensitive, I'm male.  See the difference?

File not found.  NOBODY leave the room!

Really drunk is when you cling to the floor so you don't fall off.

I've got it!  I've got it!  Now, for the cure...

A day without radiation is a day without sunshine.

Shoot it, Bubba, it might be my mother-in-law!

Photographers fade faster than photographs.

My name is Borg, James Borg, licensed to assimilate.

This time around the revolution will not be televised.

On the 8th day, the Corps of Engineers started changing everything.

Senseless massacre and carnage?  Where do I sign up?

He who lives by the sword is a regular cut-up!

I get my castles the old-fashioned way.  I conquer them.

NO CARRIER?  How are we gonna land this modem?

God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking space.

La Quinta is Spanish for "Next to Denny's."

Eeeeuw!  You mean you actually TALK on the phone?

Firing up the Blast-O-Matic Obnoxious Airbag Deflator.

A juggler is just a schizophrenic playing catch.

A magic book that stays with you - the Velcronomicon.

My hovercraft is full of eels.

They had computers in Eden.  Eve had a Apple and Adam had a Wang.

I know everything, but I'm sworn to secrecy.

Polaroids: what polar bears get from sitting on the ice.

Fifty states and I had to go and pick confusion.

D.A.M.N. - Naked Mothers Against Dyslexia

OF COURSE I'm on topic!  (Which conference is this?)

How to make Murphy's Law fail - try to prove it to someone.

Victory find a hundred fathers, but defeat is an orphan.

This is an ex-parrot.

Goals are dreams with deadlines.

There IS intelligent life in the universe.  It ignores us.

Never believe anything until it's been officially denied.

Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.

All I want is a warm bed, a kind word, and unlimited power.

Old immortals don't die, they just... don't.

Amish safe sex: painting an "X" on the cows that kick.

Hard DISK?  Gee, lady, I misunderstood you.

If you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of other people.

Grow your own dope - plant a politician.

Better one true friend than a hundred relatives.

I am DOS of Borg.  Prepare...oops, out of memory!

You cannot strengthen the weak by weakening the strong.

All things considered, insanity may be the best alternative.

There will be a rain dance Friday, weather permitting.

Ultimate bachelor condiments: liquid lettuce and solid milk.

Don't bother pressing that key, there is no ESC.

She's so fat that when she sings, it's over.

Boob's Law: You always find something in the last place you look.


Cole's Law:  Thinly sliced cabbage.

Things are more like they used to be than they are now.

There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.

It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain.  I wonder what we do with the other 75%?

If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.

If you have a difficult task, give it to someone lazy ... that person will find an easier way to do it.

You know it's going to be a bad day when your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.

The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.